# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** April 10th, 2025 @ ~6:20 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** Coordinate and discuss future logistics
- **Meeting Location:** Outside Galbraith Hall
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [ ] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Phyo Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [ ] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja
- [X] Vy Dang

## Discussion Items
| Item |
| ---- | 
| [Team branding](#team-branding) |
| [Regular meetings](#regular-meetings) |
| [Team charter ideas](#team-charter-ideas) |
| [Team assignment plan](#team-video-plan) | 
| Team Bonding :) |

### Team Branding
- Team name: **Team/Group Ate**
- Logo: the number eight (8) eating something
- Color: Purple (like Eighth College?) or Black (like the Magic 8 Ball?)

### Regular Meetings
- We decided to use the discussion time (**Wednesdays @ 4:00pm**) to meet weekly with the entire team.
- We'll start off in-person then move to remotely as people become more busy. Some possible ideas for meeting locations:
  - Sixth College RWAC 5th floor terrace (We can meet in front of Blue Bowl then go up together)
  - CSE courtyard 
- About meeting notes: we'll ask one person to lead the meeting discussion and one person to take notes (meeting minutes). Hopefully these are helpful for those that couldn't make it.

### Team Charter Ideas
We have some basic and groundwork ideas. These can all be expanded upon later.
- About absences: if you can't make a meeting, update the team in Slack.
- About assignment duties:
  - An initial idea was to try to divide up work evenly as we can (of course, this is a case-by-case basis).
  - If you fall behind, communicate with us! Also reach out to each other to check up.
- Regarding sprints, we'll determine weekly vs bi-weekly as we go. We'll generally ask for a check-up on progress you've made and your next steps.  

### Team Assignment Plan
Note this is for the ["Management - Team bonding, Github repo, Branding, Group Page and Video"](https://canvas.ucsd.edu/courses/64571/assignments/961096) assignment.

#### Team Page
- Add/share your personal GitHub page.

#### Team Video
The general plan is that we want to make use of our "eight"/"ate" pun. Here's a proposed plan for everyone's individual segment to record asynchronously:
  1) Introduce yourself ("Hi! I'm...")
  2) Eat something. 
  3) Finish off with something like... "I **ATE** this!" (bonus points if you emphasize "ate"). The sillier the better :)

Please try to get this done as soon as possible as it needs to be edited. Share your video in Slack.

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| **YES** | Plan a day for weekly team meetings | Everyone | - |
| NO | Management - Team Bonding, GitHub repo, Branding, Group Page and Video | Everyone | April 13, 2025 |
| NO | Research anything that might interest you about cards! | Everyone | April 16, 2025(?) |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
N/A

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
