# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** April 16, 2025 @ 4:00pm
- **Meeting Purpose:** Discuss Task 1 (and possibly beyond) strategy
- **Meeting Location:** Sixth College RWAC (5th Floor Terrace)
- **Meeting Lead:** N/A
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [ ] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Phyo Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja
- [X] Vy Dang

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Dividing Tasks](#dividing-tasks) |
| [Teams Overview](#teams-overview) |

### Task 1 Approach
- Chanbin and Ryan have produced concepts.
- We'll start with a boilerplate for the HTML, CSS, and JS files. Each team should have a branch.

#### Dividing Tasks
There's going to be a branch for each team. Be sure to keep your local repo updated! **We also have dedicated team channels in the team Slack.**
1. HTML set-up (2 people)
    - Team HTML: Dorje, Ryan
2. CSS (3 people)
   - Team CSS: Phyo, Samson, Kiet 
3. JavaScript (Everyone else)
   - Team JavaScript: Chanbin, Ashley, Kiara, Shash, Arlene, Minahil
   - Function Splits: Leave a comment in the file for which one you want to take.
4. Pull Request reviews
   - One person from each team should review and help resolve merge conflicts (if any). For example, if Team JS makes a pull request, someone from Team HTML and Team CSS should look their pull request over.
   - Within each team, someone should take initiative on reviewing requests or bring it to attention. If you don't understand anything or need help with anything, talk to the team! :)
5. SWOT Analysis
    - Each team should have one or two people dedicated to notes.
      - Team HTML: Ryan
      - Team CSS: Phyo
      - Team JS: Chanbin
    - You can reference [Wikipedia's SWOT Analysis page](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SWOT_analysis) or this [University of Kansas reading](https://ctb.ku.edu/en/table-of-contents/assessment/assessing-community-needs-and-resources/swot-analysis/main) for information about what could make for possible notes so that we can review colllate these at the end.

#### Teams Overview
| Team | People | SWOT Notetaker |
|----|----| ---- |
| HTML | Dorje, Ryan | Ryan |
| CSS  | Phyo, Samson, Kiet | Phyo |
| JS   | Chanbin, Ashley, Kiara, Shash, Arlene, Minahil | Chanbin |

## Action Items
### Overview
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Work on HTML! | Team HTML | ASAP |
| - | Study up on CSS and JS as neeeded | Team CSS, Team JS | ASAP |
| - | Work on drafting/planning functions and writing them together* | Team JS | *Meeting together on 4/17 |
| NO | Warmup Exercise - Team and Technology DeRisk | Everyone | **04/20/2025** |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
| Type | Description | Response |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Question | When we code together and the commits/pushes are coming from one account, how does that affect how we're noted/tracked that we're actually working together as a team? | - |

## Other Notes & Information
- Team JS has a meeting tomorrow (4/17) @ 11:00am.
- It was also brought up that we could potentially work together in-person at the Pepper Canyon West study rooms either for a future meet or for the real project.
  - Noted that it may be a far walk for those that live on the west side of campus, but there was a willingness to try it out.
