# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 7, 2025 @ 4:00 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:**
  - Narrow down project audience and feature specifics
  - Assign tasks for project foundation
  - Discuss Week 6 Team assignments
- **Meeting Location:** Online via Zoom
- **Meeting Lead:** -
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Brainstorm 2 Discussion](#brainstorm-2-discussion) |
| [Group Contract](#management---group-contract)|
| [CI/CD Pipeline](#cicd-pipeline)|
| [Internal Docs: ADR](#documentation---internal-documentation-adr)|

### Brainstorm 2 Discussion
#### Audience and Features
- Audience: college students
- Features:
  - Creating a card (flip)
    - Include: recipe name, cook & prep/total time, ingredients, image(?), steps to make 
  - Filtering and tags
  - Top 3 from poll:
    1. Searchable recipe categories
    2. Recipe bookmarking (saving)
    3. Built-in step timers
  - Mobile focus
  - Read/build JSON for recipes
  - Shuffling
  - It should be offline first, so there probably won't be link reading to pull JSON data.

#### Assignments
- Project repository creation ([done](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group8/final-project)).
  - Add issues for features.
- UI Designing: Chanbin and Patrick were working on prototypes
  - Work on Desktop and Mobile UI concepts as we want to take advantage of mobile usage in a kitchen.

### Week 6 Team Assignments
#### Management - Group Contract
We built our charter. Sign a copy of `rules.pdf` in #logistics and put it in `admin/misc/`

#### CI/CD Pipeline
Waiting on clarification from TA before we start. Likely something we'll have to save for Friday/the weekend.

#### Documentation - Internal Documentation: ADR
Our first ADR could be our finalized features. Aiming to get this done tomorrow (5/8) after lecture.

## Action Items
### Subtasks
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Find an issue template (or make one) | Everyone | - |
| NO | Sign `rules.pdf` (form in #logistics) and add it to the repo at `admin/misc/` with a name of `rules-firstlast.pdf` | Everyone | 5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm (Preferably ASAP so we don't have to worry about it) |

### Teamwide Assignments
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| **NO** | **CI/CD Pipeline** | Everyone |  **5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm** |
| **NO** | **Documentation - Internal Documentation: ADR** | Everyone | **5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm** |
| **Pending everyone's completion** | **Management - Group Contract** | Everyone | **5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm** |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
For the TA:
- CI/CD: How exactly are we implementing a linter?
- ADR: How do these differ from our meeting notes because we do kind of make decisions in our meetings and write them down there?

## Other Notes & Information
- N/A
