# Sprint Review
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 16, 2025 @ 5:00 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** Sprint review meeting (5/12 - 5/18 sprint)
- **Meeting Location:** Online via Zoom
- **Meeting Lead:** Chanbin, Ashley
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Sprint Review
Proof of concept needed for Dexie.

| Team | Who | 
| ---- | ---- |
| [Main Page](#main-page-team) | Samson, Dorje, Arlene | 
| [Add a Recipe page](#add-a-recipe-team) | Mina, Kiet, Kiara | 
| [View Recipe page](#view-a-recipe-team) | Shash, Patrick, Ryan | 
| [Shadow DOM for Cards](#shadowdom-team) | Chanbin, Ashley | 

### Main Page Team
| Member | Thoughts on Sprint |
| ---- | ---- |
| Dorje | Demo'd the main page.  | 
| Arlene | Discussed the troubles of CSS and trying to look like our Figma concepts. Still needs to be responsive. | 
| Samson | Collaborated in-person and Dorje and Arlene. Worked on the CSS with Arlene. Learned a lot from collaborating. | 

#### Comments/Suggestions/Questions:
- UI looks really similar to our concepts.
- Responsiveness isn't implemented yet.

### Add a Recipe Team
| Member | Thoughts on Sprint |
| ---- | ---- |
| Kiet | Expressed the fact the team had troubles with CSS. | 
| Kiara | `Choose file` looks like a drag-and-drop on the concepts since it doesn't make sense for a mobile device, which is why they made the changes. | 
| Mina | Focus on fixing height and width (currently `<div>`... justify-center?) | 

#### Comments/Suggestions/Questions:
- Wrap content in some tag to make it easier to format.
- Responsiveness and font need to be worked on.

### View a Recipe Team
| Member | Thoughts on Sprint |
| ---- | ---- |
| Shash | CSS is still being figured out. |
| Patrick | Noted that progress only started today. There are some elements on the UI concepts  | 
| Ryan | Shash and Patrick did the majority of the work, so he's working on additional work to help them out. | 

#### Comments/Suggestions/Questions:
- Q: Should the timer stay in one position or move with the page?
  - It should move with.
- Q: For the instructions is it all one box?
  - No. It's grid.
- Skip the timer functionality for now since we're going to refactor. 

### ShadowDOM Team
| Member | Thoughts on Sprint |
| ---- | ---- |
| Chanbin | Working with dummy data right now on a test.html file. Really similar to Lab 6. |
| Ashley | We looked into IndexedDB and Dexie after we finished since we were done early. |

#### Comments/Suggestions/Questions:
- N/A

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
