# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 14, 2025 @ 4:00 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** 
  - Talk about our storage method.
    - Time permitting, complete our storage method ADR (if we want to get approval soon).
  - Discuss the plan for our currently selected features and suggestions.
- **Meeting Location:** Sixth College RWAC
- **Meeting Lead:** NAME
- **Note Taker:** NAME

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [ ] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [IndexedDB & Dexie](#indexeddb-and-dexie) |
| [Our Features and Suggestions](#our-features-and-suggestions) |

### IndexedDB and Dexie
| Tool Links |
| ---- |
| [IndexedDB](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API) |
| [Dexie](https://dexie.org/) |

As we discussed with Professor Powell yesterday (5/13), he strongly recommends we go the IndexedDB route. However, the IndexedDB API is known to be verbose and unfriendly, so he recommended we look into wrappers such as **Dexie**.

#### Dexie
- It looks like SQL (even if you are unfamiliar with it, the functions used to query and index look and sound a lot more intuitive than IndexedDB's).
- If we want to consider the "think about the cloud" method, Dexie does have [Dexie Cloud](https://dexie.org/cloud/).
 
> What it is:
> 
> Think plain Dexie.js but also with online sync. Write completely Offline-First apps using Dexie.js as your sole storage model. Then let Dexie Cloud sync your data with the cloud.

### Our Features and Suggestions
We have a lot of features to think over. How do we want to reprioritize them? If we do, we'll probably need another meeting to do that. However, given the size of our list, limited time, and needing to acknowledge our user needs, this discussion needs to be an ADR. Not everyone was able to gather to get a formal vote (although we seem to be okay with reprioritizing), so we'll ask everyone to "check off" their approval of the changess asynchronously.

### Feature Discussion
See the ADR (v1.1) for a more complete and thorough discussion.
| Feature | Notes |
| ----- | ---- |
| Translation/Localization | Possibly medium priority as we won't have a big userbase. We might want to consider just changing the UI language rather than the entire website. Low priority.|
| Unit Conversion | Is there really a common use case? We're having users put in their own recipes, so it might not be as important as we think. Low prirority? | 
| Serving Sizes | We can do math to calculate x number of servings. Medium priortity. |
| Ingredients | Change it to include the number of ingredients and its measurement | 
| Calories | We might want to scrap this idea since its complicated. For our audience, it's not really relevant. Maybe we want to make it an optional thing? Leave it as an option, but we'll ignore it if it's blank. | 
| Autocomplete | Look at Mina's response on 5/14 for the <form> tag specifics. We might want to consider a default list? For recipe search and ingredient search. High priority? |
| Voice Recognition | We all have mixed feeling because of privacy concerns and the team feels like the use case is rather niche. We would have to come up certain voice commands that can be recognized. Low priority. | 
| Screen Sleep Off | It's an API. This should be a toggeable. Medium priority. |
| Different View Sizes | High priority- no questions asked. |
| Text-To-Speech | We should have a voice alert for the timer. You're not looking at your screen. A 1 minute and timer alert would be good. High. |  
| Shuffling | Shuffling after filtering would be helpful for indecisive eaters to decide what they want to make. High priority. |
| Light/Dark Mode | We need to think about this in advance for CSS variables. A list for dark mode and a list for light mode. |
| Tagging and Filtering | Preset list of tags. Display dietary tags on the home screen. Leave out ingredient tags on the home.  | 
| Timer Placement | That should be separate and not in each step. |
| Progressive Steps |  This would only be useful with voice recognition... so we probably won't do it. Low priority. |
| Long press to view more details (tags) | No identifiable use case. Low-low priority. |
| File uploading (JSON) | The average person probably doesn't even know what JSON is, so low priority. |

## Action Items
### Overview
### Sprint Assignments
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| -  | Daily Stand-up (5/13) | **Everyone** | 5/14 (Morning)* |
| -  | Daily Stand-up (5/14): Sprint Progress | **Everyone** | 5/14 - 5/15 (Morning) |
| NO | Main page development and research | Samson, Dorje, Arlene | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | "View recipe" page development | Mina, Kiet, Kiara | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | "Add a recipe" page development | Shash, Patrick, Ryan | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | Shadow DOM for cards | Ashley, Chanbin | 5/18/2025 |

### Teamwide Tasks
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Agile: Sprint Review Meetings | Everyone | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | Agile: Retrospective | Everyone | 5/18/2025 |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
N/A

## Other Notes & Information
Our next meeting (barring impromptu meetings):
| Meeting | Place | Start Time |
| ----    | ----  | ---- |
| Sprint Review + Retro(?) | Online via Zoom | 5/16 @ 5:00pm |