# Stand Up
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** June 4, 2025 (Asynchronous)
- **Meeting Location:** Slack

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [ ] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [ ] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [ ] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Patrick Thant
- [ ] Ryan Awal
- [ ] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja

## Stand Up
| Member            | Progress | Blockers |
| ----              | ----     | ---- |
| Arlene Garcia     | I made the pull request template and I am working on retroactively adding them on the old pull requests. Also added DS.store to the gitignore but I don’t have Mac so I don’t know if it worked since it doesn’t show up on my end. | |
| Ashley Vo         | I didn't do anything sprint task related but I did help Kiet with merging the branches for sprint 4 yesterday! | |
| Chanbin Na        | | |
| Dorje Pradhan     | I haven’t gotten to work on my assigned sprint task yet, but I also “helped Kiet with merging and not blowing up the repo the branches for sprint 4 yesterday!” | |
| Kiara Singh       | | |
| Kiet Dang         | I finished merging all needed branches into sprint4_starter. Team can start working on that branch now. | |
| Minahil Yasar     | | |
| Patrick Thant     | | |
| Ryan Awal         | | |
| Samson Gebrekidan | | |
| Shashwat Dudeja   | | |