# Stand Up
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 10, 2025 (Asynchronous)
  - Clarification: The stand-up was done on May 10th but documented on May 20th.
- **Meeting Location:** Slack

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja

## Stand Up
| Member            | Progress | Blockers |
| ----              | ----     | ---- |
| Arlene Garcia     | Worked on flowchart diagram with Kiara | | 
| Ashley Vo         | Worked on HTML/CSS validation for the CI/CD pipeline | |
| Chanbin Na        | Built a demo of the UI with Patrick and Dorje |  |
| Dorje Pradhan     | Worked with Chanbin and Patrick on the UI concepts. Looking for feedback.| |
| Kiara Singh       | Worked on flowchart (of app flow) diagram | |
| Kiet Dang         | Worked with Shash on creating initial GitHub issues of our current planned features | The issue template needs a slight update, but it should be an easy fix. |
| Minahil Yasar     | Tested and worked on the HTML/CSS validation for the CI/CD pipeline | |
| Patrick Thant     | | |
| Ryan Awal         | Working on the JS linter for CI/CD | |
| Samson Gebrekidan | Worked with Ashley and Mina on the HTML/CSS pipeline. | |
| Shashwat Dudeja   | | |