# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 18, 2025 (Asynchronous)
  - Clarification: The stand-up was done on May 18th but documented on May 20th.
- **Meeting Location:** Slack

## Attendance
- [ ] Arlene Garcia
- [ ] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [ ] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja

## Stand Up
| Member            | Progress | Blockers |
| ----              | ----     | ---- |
| Arlene Garcia     | | |
| Ashley Vo         | | |
| Chanbin Na        | Finished the refactoring the html using es6 router, which means that we have three different pages routed to the different URL. Also, worked on CSS for individual card design part and make it more close to the Figma design. | |
| Dorje Pradhan     | This weekend I worked on the CSS for the home page/header so that it looks nice on mobile. This is mostly finished, but could use some final touches. I also worked with the refactoring team (Chanbin, Kiara and Patrick) to refactor the HTML using the es6-router. | |
| Kiara Singh       | I worked on refactoring with my team and we got it to work. I also fixed up the create recipe CSS so that all the identifies are unique and now the basic ones | |
| Kiet Dang         | I made Steak, omelet and Garlic bread today. Then I work asynchronously with the group and fixed the CSS parts, along with it's HTML structure. Also created a GitHub issues to keep track on the task | |
| Minahil Yasar     | I worked on the add recipe page to make it responsive to resizing the window | |
| Patrick Thant     | | |
| Ryan Awal         | I met with Kiet earlier today. I made a few css updates to the create-recipe branch | |
| Samson Gebrekidan | | |
| Shashwat Dudeja   | | |