# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** April 23, 2025 @ 4:00 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** Discuss the brainstorming activity and brainstorm session #1.
- **Meeting Location:** Online via Zoom
- **Meeting Lead:** -
- **Note Taker:** Ashley, Kiara (Today's `brainstorm.md`)

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Housekeeping](#housekeeping) |
| [Project Brainstorming](#project-brainstorming) |

### Housekeeping
#### SWOT Review from the Warm-up
There are some observations that were noted in the final analysis, so it might be good to read it. Access the document in `#logistics` for full details. Here are some observations from the warm-up to highlight:
| What worked well | What could improve |
|---- |---- |
| Small subteams (2-3 people) seemed to work *really* effectively with each other. | Improper Git/GitHub usage. Some communication issues. |
| Remote options are flexible. We do have at least one team meeting per week to clear up any questions. | No documentation for long-term planning, which left the tail-end of the warm-up ambiguous. |

#### Team Expectations
| Topic | Addition/Modification | 
| ---- | ---- |
| Missing meetings | <ul><li>It's alright if you miss a meeting (things happen, and it *is* midterm season). That being said, we *do* expect that you read the meeting notes at some point once they're posted. ~~Please don't make us post an AI summary in `#logistics`.~~</li><li>For class attendance, that's for your own grade, but we do sometimes have impromptu meetings after class.</li></ul>|

### Project Brainstorming
#### Professor's Recommendations
- [Miro](https://miro.com/) is an online workspace for whiteboarding and to help with the brainstorming process. Things can be done remotely.
- The [Shape Up](https://basecamp.com/shapeup) reading goes over some workflow and thought process ideas.

#### Individual Work
- Research topics for the next 24 hours. We'll meet together to discuss our ideas after class tomorrow. 
- See the Miro board (in Slack) for our ideas so far. We seem to like the "LeetCode" and "Recipe" idea. **Please eventually add your research on Miro**.
  - Look for what you like or don't like (what the  competition does).
  - Look for what users would need or not need, etc... (See Canvas for more details).

| Team LeetCode | Team Recipe |
| ---- | ---- |
| Patrick | Kiet |
| Kiara | Ryan |
| Chanbin | Dorje | 
| Ashley | Arlene | 
| Shash | Minahil |  
| - | Samson | 

#### Brainstorming Sessions
- Today was just kind of throwing surface-level ideas for the sake of it.
- **Tomorrow after class** will be brainstorming session #2.
- We likely will have some form of meeting over the weekend to work on the pitch.

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Conduct *your own* research on cards (Team LeetCode or Team Recipe). Look into what type of card app you'd be interested in making. Look at what existing apps do. Look into the hypothetical types of users that would use the app, etc. | Everyone | 4/24/2025 before lecture time |
| **NO** | **Brainstorming Activity** | **Everyone** | **4/28/2025 @ 12:00PM** |
| **NO** | **Starting Pitch** (DEPENDENT ON ABOVE) | **Everyone** | **4/28/2025 @ 12:00PM** |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
The following are to be asked at the lead meeting tomorrow (4/23).
| Type | Description | Response |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Question | If we started with five general ideas in our brainstorm but narrowed it down to two because we liked the topics, is it okay if we only did heavy research on those two but scrapped the others? | TBA |
| Qeustion | We came up with a recipe idea... we see that Lab 6 is recipe based.  Is that okay or do we need a new idea? | TBA |
| Question | Are we supposed to be finished with the pitch on Monday, or do we need the pitch also *approved* for Monday's submission as well? | TBA |
| Question (Follow-up on above) | What's your (TA) availability? | TBA |

## Other Notes & Information
- Chanbin and I have our weekly lead meeting with Rashi tomorrow @ 1:00pm online. It's optional, but anyone is welcome to join. If you have any questions that you'd like us to bring up, please send them our way.
- Please try to come to class tomorrow (4/23) as we'll meet afterwards to discuss our findings.
