# Stand Up
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 15, 2025 (Hybrid)
  - Clarification: The stand-up was done on May 15th but documented on May 20th.
- **Meeting Location:** Outside Galbraith Hall + Slack

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Stand Up
| Member            | Progress | Blockers |
| ----              | ----     | ---- |
| Arlene Garcia     | Finished styling for cleanliness and well formattedness. Needs to be responsive for mobile, but it looks good for desktop.| |
| Ashley Vo         | Looked into IndexedDB | |
| Chanbin Na        | Looked into IndexedDB | |
| Dorje Pradhan     | Working with Samson and Arlene: HTML is done with CSS mostly done. | |
| Kiara Singh       | Working on CSS | CSS isn't in an ideal place. |
| Kiet Dang         | Working on CSS | CSS isn't in an ideal place. |
| Minahil Yasar     | Worked with Kiara and Kiet for the CSS and fixed HTML. | CSS isn't looking as it should. |
| Patrick Thant     | Worked with Ryan and Shash on `adding.html` and `adding.css` for the "view recipe" page. Made the GitHub Projects template and made new issues. | |
| Ryan Awal         | Has not met with team yet. | |
| Samson Gebrekidan | Worked with Arlene on the CSS. | |
| Shashwat Dudeja   | Has not met with team yet. | |