# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** April 14, 2025 @ 1:00 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** Brainstorm steps and approach for the warm-up exercise
- **Meeting Location:** Online via Zoom
- **Meeting Lead:** Chanbin
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [ ] Dorje Pradhan
- [ ] Kiara Singh
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Phyo Thant
- [ ] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja
- [X] Vy Dang

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Assignment Breakup](#assignment-breakup) |
| [Roadmap Ideas](#roadmap-ideas) |

### Assignment Breakup 
- Split parts 1, 2, 3 into teams of three, four, and four.
  - Those on the same team should probably meet up together.
  - Split teams based on function: card, deck, and game.

#### Team Assignments
- Gauge team member comfortableness and what area(s) (HTML, CSS, JS) they want to work on. This will be via a Google Form.
- It would be a good idea that teammates within each team are able to meet with each other to talk about their assigned task(s).
- Set deadlines for each team's tasks.

### Roadmap Ideas
- Break HTML, CSS, and JS into smaller, manageable tasks to people.

#### Research
- Give CSS and JavaScript a brief look if you've never seen it before.
  - ChatGPT could be a good source of practice.

#### Step 1: Cards and Card Deck
General overview:
1. Build card components (3 people)
   - Add animations
2. Have a stack data structure for all 52 cards (4 people)
   - Click on the card deck to draw a card

##### Card Breakdown
- Cards numbered 0-9, King, Queen, etc (no need to worry about images/symbols- literal text is okay for a start)
- Red/black cards (start off with literal texts of "RED" and "BLACK" to distinguish cards)
- Card suites

##### Card Deck Breakdown
- Reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iEPK5fppX8w

#### Step 2 and Further
- Focus on step 1 first before we plan it. (4 people?)

### Plans for SWOT Analysis
- Each team should plan to make a document with information about what they've been struggling with, need to learn, what has/hasn't been working, what could be improved, etc.

## Action Items
### Overview
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| - | Do research on CSS & JS | Everyone | ASAP. |
| - | [Fill out survey on HTML/CSS/JS comfort levels](https://forms.gle/mZa8nvFo9GqdUBz28). This is also in Slack.  | Everyone | ASAP. We plan on making up teams *before* class tomorrow (4/15). |
| NO | Warmup Exercise - Team and Technology DeRisk | Everyone | 04/20/2025 |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
N/A

## Other Notes & Information
- We have a Slack workspace just for Team Ate. Invites were sent out a few days ago, but see #08-logistics in the CSE110 workspace if you haven't joined it already.
- A template for meeting minutes will be added to the minute_meetings folder. To prospective notetakers, feel free to use it or your own template.
