# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 13, 2025 @ 6:20 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** 
  - Discuss and clear up any questions about this week's sprint.
  - Talk with Professor Powell
- **Meeting Location:** Outside Galbraith Hall
- **Meeting Lead:** -
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [ ] Kiara Singh
- [ ] Kiet Dang
- [ ] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Powell's Suggestions](#powells-suggestions) |
| [ADRs](#adrs) |
| [Meetings This Week](#meetings) |
| [Today's (5/13) Stand-up](#todays-stand-up) |

### Powell's Suggestions
#### Overview and Key Takeaways
Based on our discussion with Professor Powell today, there is *a lot* he suggested and asked us to think about. Remember, the class is about the process: we should be thinking about the architecture, what and how users expect things to be like, etc. He really emphasized that we should *always* be thinking about all of these things when we're planning.

#### Features and Direction
Professor Powell **STRONGLY** recommends IndexedDB, simply because it has more utility for us. He did seem to be really eager for us to use it because it's the best option for our app over localStorage because of its power to index. He seemed "ðŸ˜¬" when we said we're weighing localStorage as an option.
  - We did bring up the concern that we would have to learn the API. However, he suggested we look into IndexedDB wrappers such as Dexie (SQLite). He reassured us that there are a lot of resources out there for us to reference. **That being said, we still need an ADR to get greenlit for this.** 

| Feature | What | Why |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | 
| Site Theme | Utilize CSS variables rather than hardcode our color values into the `.css` files. | If we decide that we don't like our color theme or decide to implement a light/dark mode switch, this makes it easier for us to change colors. Remember the programming paradigm that we should never use magic numbers- this is the same concept. |
| Translation/Localization | Don't hardcode strings into our HTML. We might want to have a JSON file with strings that gets replaced with a selected language. For example, our "Search" changes to "search" in a different language (e.g. Spanish, French, etc). | We expand our app to more users-- it's more accessible and does not exclude non-English speakers. During the initial week of getting to know our team, we also noted that our team speaks 11-12 unique languages, so that'd be a fun bonus for us. |
| UI Improvements | Add in buttons/settings to change the sizing of things (i.e. do we want to display the recipes in list view, small card view, medium card view, etc). Reconsider the placement of UI items like our timer and to take advantage of the left hand side of the screen. Think about where the users' eyes go first (Look up "Squint test UX"). Placement of elements on the page should also be *intentional* (e.g. think about using mobile apps with your thumb only.. do you ever think about how apps adapt to that behavior? Ever notice that things should be within easy reach for your thumb?) | Our users should be able to think, "Hey, this app is pretty smooth!" While they might not understand why, we place things in "good places" that are appropriate. It also provides them with some choice (changing recipe view). | 
| Preferences and Settings | Save the users' settings so that they don't have to go in and change what they like to see. | Think about what apps you use. It's extremely helpful to have the app remember what settings you saved-- it's also tailored to you! | 
| Cloud Expansion | This is **not** something we're going to implement. HOWEVER, Professor Powell did ask us to consider how our app could expand hypothetically. If we used IndexedDB, how would we integrate this to work online? | This is to help with our engineering mindset and thinking. We're not supposed to look for short term solutions.. we want our app "living the long term." This all ties back to the architecture- allow ourselves to think "that'd be a nice thing to have in the future" even if not a realistic quarter-long goal.  | 
| Voice Recognition and SpeechSynthesis | Have a voice announce how much time is left on your set timer (e.g. "1 minute left"). Allow users to talk to the app to issue commands like "set a timer for 10 minutes." | Users likely have their hands dirty in the kitchen. No one wants to touch their nice device when their hands are oily :( Additionally, that voice "shouting out" is a nice reminder. | 
| Unit Conversions | Pretty self explanatory: Imperial <--> Metric (etc.) | The United States uses Imperial while other countries use metrics. Note that recipes also sometimes write their ingredients in one system or the other. This is a nice tool for the users. | 

### ADRs
Since we got a lot of feedback and a ton to think about from Professor Powell, we might have to address the following ADRs:
1. **Redefine and modify our features** (Modify ADR v1.1.1) to be more specific. We should address the "what this feature does", "why a user would need it", "what are the pros and cons of assigning it x priority", and of course giving an assessment of how high or low of a priority it should be.
2. **IndexedDB**: This is a large rabbit hole. Yes, IndexedDB can be hard, but we haven't looked into wrappers or what wrappers could *possibly* hook up to the web (not for our class project's purposes but just for hypothetical expansion).
3. Style Guide (not really a high priority, but it would be nice to get to).

### Meetings
Below is a summary of team-wide meetings for this week.
| Meeting | Place | Start Time |
| ----    | ----  | ---- |
| General Discussion: ADRs, Teams, Assignments | Sixth College RWAC - 5th Floor Terrace | 5/14 @ 4:00pm | 
| Sprint Review + Retro(?) | Online via Zoom | 5/16 @ 5:00pm |


For future sprints, maybe each subteam journals about their thought process. For tomorrow's meeting, we're going to cover:
  - Review Professor Powell's suggestions.
  - ADRs (if appropriate based on discussion):
    - IndexedDB
    - Style Guide

The feature priortization ADR will probably take a couple of hours as we should be taking it seriously, so that is something we need to plan.


### Today's Stand-up
Because Professor Powell stressed the importance of getting feedback on the UI and in general... we won't ask about progress in today's stand-up. Instead, please talk about a minimum of two opinions, suggestions, feedbacks, criticisms, etc. about the following:
1. UI (See [Figma here](https://www.figma.com/design/irNLLpXTwAfdSlNrlvWBAJ/LET-ME-COOK))
2. Features (this can be about what Professor Powell has suggested or the ones we already have planned)


## Action Items
### Sprint Assignments
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| -  | Daily Stand-up (5/13) | **Everyone** | 5/14 (Morning)* |
| NO | Main page development and research | Samson, Dorje, Arlene | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | "View recipe" page development | Mina, Kiet, Kiara | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | "Add a recipe" page development | Shash, Patrick, Ryan | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | Shadow DOM for cards | Ashley, Chanbin | 5/18/2025 |

*I do realize these notes are posted pretty late, so if you need to post these in the morning of 5/14, that's okay.


### Teamwide Tasks
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Agile: Sprint Review Meetings | Everyone | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | Agile: Retrospective | Everyone | 5/18/2025 |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
N/A

## Other Notes & Information
- We have a meeting tomorrow (5/14) at 4:00pm @ Sixth College RWAC to go over our ADRs, Professor Powell's suggestions, change of direction (if necessary), etc.
