# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** April 29, 2025 @ 6:20 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** Discuss our project topic concerns with Professor Powell. This was *not* a formal team meeting.
- **Meeting Location:** Outside Galbraith Hall
- **Meeting Lead:** -
- **Note Taker:** -

## Attendance
Not taken formally, but if you wanted to remember if you were there, you'll be marked "present" if you attended class on 4/29.
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [ ] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
This information is a copy-paste of the information posted in the team Slack but formatted in Markdown.
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Project Updates](#project-updates) |
| [Next Steps](#next-steps) |
| [Team Logistics](#team-logistics) |

### Project Updates
Regarding our concerns of our project topic: we talked with Professor Powell after lecture today, and he gave us the okay to keep going with the recipe idea. We got a lot of good insight for potential direction. That being said, we still have a lot to refine and nail down before we moving forward. Here are some highlights:
- Narrow down a theme and focus. (e.g. in the past, one group made their app all about spicy food and another did theirs with a college student audience in mind). Recipes are a much larger domain than it seems as we saw with our discussion with the professor today, so it'll be easier on us to try to reduce what we can.
  - Get rid of any social media ideas (online databases, sharing, rating, etc. Powell found these 1) unnecessary and unfitting for a realistic audience and 2) it's beyond our scope.
  
Here are some ideas that generally seem like they'll benefit us to look into (Professor Powell strongly encouraged us to do research into these):
- Mobile focus: phones and tablets are much more convenient to have in the kitchen than a laptop.
- Have a built-in timer: some recipe steps often have times associated with them like ("do this thing for 30 minutes"), so it'll be helpful to the user to have some timer with the recipe in one place.
- JSON-LD: Recipes on websites often use .json files... there exists JSON-LD which structures recipe data already. We do not need to reinvent the wheel, so it'd be to our benefit to take advantage of what exists out there:  https://developers.google.com/search/docs/appearance/structured-data/recipe
- APIs: note if we do want to go this route, we'll need to get greenlit and prove that we show a need for this rather than "pursuing the tech." Don't be afraid of asking to go this route!
  - IndexedDB API for a local database: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/IndexedDB_API 

### Next Steps
It seems like we'll need to slow down a bit before to get a better eye for where we're going. To help us, it'll be helpful to reorganize the following:
- Narrow down our theme, focus, and audience.
- Select a subset of features (or ones we haven't noted down before) that will apply to our target audience.
  
So, research, research, and research would be of great help to us. Whether we research what APIs are out there that might be helpful to us, how current recipe sites layout their steps (Prof. Powell mentioned to look into how Blue Apron and HelloFresh design their recipe sheets as inspiration), what kinds of audiences are out there, etc..... all of this info will help.

### Team Logistics
- On AI (as in artificial intelligence): this isn't in our team charter and was mentioned in passing, but I think we generally seem to agree that LLMs like ChatGPT should not be doing the majority of the work for us. Of course, feel free to use it to help you debug or as assistance. 
  - It was mentioned as a suggestion that we implement requirements for pull requests with answers to questions like "What is the problem this is solving", "why you chose this method" (e.g. why this data structure in particular), and "explain your thought process." This was brought up to address the fact that, yes, we might have some AI-generated code, so at least try to understand it thoroughly.
- On communication: while we haven't started programming for the project, please continue to stay updated on any progress or meetings you miss so that we're all on the same page. Don't be afraid to ask for clarification or questions if you're ever lost on something as it'd be much better for all of us to find out sooner rather than later (overcommunicate rather than undercommunicate).


## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Fill out the Google Form (see #logistics) to gauge our second brainstorm | Everyone | 5/5/2025 (Possibly 5/6 if needed) |
| NO | Put any relevant research to help narrow down our topic even *further* (see #recipe-research). The following are just **some** *suggestions* or *ideas* of what to look for: <ul><li>Existing recipe projects (i.e. how their features address their users' needs)</li><li>How we might utilize JSON to "standardize" our recipe data</li><li>How Blue Apron/HelloFresh layout their recipes so that they're easy to follow (It's not just about the recipe- think about the *tools* too).</li><li>APIs that could potentially be applicable</li><li>Looking at our [current] Miro board to see what we do or don't need</li></ul>And so on... you're not limited to this list and I would encourage you to look beyond these too.| Everyone | 5/5/2025 (Possibly 5/6 if needed) |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
- N/A

## Other Notes & Information
- N/A
