# Meeting Minutes
Special meeting minutes-- I'm collating today's (4/17) meeting notes into one markdown file to keep all of today's information in one place. 

## Meeting Information
| Meeting | Date/Time | Purpose | Location | Lead | Note Taker |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Team JS | April 17, 2025 @ 11:00 AM | Team JS to program together  | Online via Zoom | Chanbin | Ashley | 
| Leads with TA | April 17, 2025 @ 1:00 PM | Discuss progress on the warm-up exercise and team check-up | Online via Google Meet | Rashi | Chanbin | 
| Post-Lecture | April 17, 2025 @ 6:20 PM | Grounding for team's progress on the warm-up exercise and next steps | Outside Galbraith Hall | - | Ashley | 


## Attendance
| Team JS Meeting | Lead Meeting | Meeting 3 | Member |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Yes | -   | Yes | Arlene Garcia |
| Yes | Yes | Yes | Ashley Vo |
| Yes | Yes | Yes | Chanbin Na |
| -   | -   | Yes | Dorje Pradhan |
| Yes | -   | No  | Kiara Singh | 
| -   | -   | Yes | Kiet Dang |
| Yes | -   | No  | Minahil Yasar |
| -   | -   | Yes | Patrick Thant |
| -   | -   | No  | Ryan Awal | 
| -   | -   | Yes | Samson Gebrekidan |
| No  | -   | No  | Shashwat Dudeja |

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Team JS Meeting](#team-js-meeting) |
| [Lead Meeting](#lead-meeting) |
| [Post-Lecture Meeting](#post-lecture-meeting) |

### Team JS Meeting

#### What We Did
- Create the Card class and constructor.
  - We have individual cards created via main().

#### Next Steps
- Card 
  - Flip isn't working properly (fixed by Chanbin).
- Deck implementation
  - Deck class 
    - Array of cards 
    - `shuffle()`

### Lead Meeting
Rashi offered some advice:
- There are two ways of approaching a project: **Top-down**  (front-end -> backend) vs **Bottom-up** (backend -> front-end). This bullet point was covered in today's (4/17) lecture.
  - The professor recommends the **top-down** approach since what the user sees first is important.
- For project planning, before working on any programming, it would be a good idea to get together to throw together some form of UI prototype so that everyone has a good idea of what the product should look like. Whether this is drawn informally on a whiteboard or through Figma doesn't matter, but basic sketches will help.

Regarding the warm-up:
- The presentation and functionality should both be solid (ideally).
- Try to get to part 3, but if we only make it to part 2, that's okay.

### Post-Lecture Meeting

#### Deck
- Ashley will work on the `Deck` class.
- Arlene and Minahil will work on `shuffle()`. 

#### UI
- Patrick and Kiet will make the homepage ("Welcome to Blackjack" & press start). See Chanbin's Figma mock-up in Slack (#logistics).
  - Work on HTML structure first for direction

#### SWOT Analysis
- Each team (HTML, CSS, JS) should each write their own observations within their own team. When the due date for the warm-up exercise gets closer, we'll put together a comprehensive analysis.
  - These can be short. Looking up "SWOT Analysis" online could give results on what could be included.

#### Other Thoughts
- Zoom (or online meeting, in general) is pretty good for code collaboration (VS Code + Live Share).

## Action Items
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Work on your respective subteam observation notes for the SWOT Analysis | Team HTML, CSS, JS | Preferably get them in to Slack and/or team leads by Sunday (4/20/25) morning/afternoon(?) the latest |
| NO | Develop the home page for Blackjack | Patrick and Kiet | - |
| NO | Implement the `Deck` class. | Ashley | - |
| YES | Implement `shuffle()` for the `Deck`. | Arlene and Minahil | - |
| NO | YouTube Demo of our app (see Canvas) | *Unassigned* | 4/20/2025 |
| **NO** | **Warmup Exercise - Team and Technology DeRisk** | **Everyone** | **04/20/2025** |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
| Type | Description | Response |
| ---- | ---- | ---- |
| Follow-up to a **question** from 4/16| When we code together and the commits/pushes are coming from one account, how does that affect how we're noted/tracked that we're actually working together as a team?	 | Pair/group programming is okay. It's recommended that programmers swap so that the commit history shows there was some form of contribution from everyone. The percentage of contributions shouldn't be too important, but it should show that each person did something at least. |
| Concern | Regarding teammate(s) working ahead without their sub-team (i.e. finishing most, if not all, that subgroup's task). | The best thing you can really do is communicate and talk with each other. It's not a bad thing to respectfully bring any issues up with your teammate(s)- in fact, I would *encourage* it. Regarding this warm-up assignment in particular, the point is more so learning about how we work as a team than making a "finished product." Please don't leave your teammates in the dark, and be honest with each other about anything you did in terms of code contribution. :) -Ashley |

## Other Notes & Information
- If we need to, we can meet over Zoom over the weekend to discuss the warmup exercise. Otherwise, we don't have a planned team meeting for the weekend.
