# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 22, 2025 @ 6:20 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:**
  - Logistical Updates
  - Project Updates
- **Meeting Location:** Outside Galbraith Hall
- **Meeting Lead:** Ashley
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [Logistical Updates](#logistical-updates) |
| [Project Updates](#project-updates) |
| [Upcoming Checkpoints](#upcoming-checkpoints) |

### Logistical Updates
- If you haven't done so, please sign the revised team charter as soon as you can. It's in #logistics on the team Slack.
- If you haven't done yesterday's (5/21) stand-up, please do so.
- Meetings
  - Next stand-up will be tomorrow (5/23).
  - We'll have our review + retrospective on Saturday remotely via Zoom @ 5:00pm.
  - Monday (5/26) is a holiday... we'll have our sprint planning meeting remotely via Zoom @ 2:00pm.
- Rashi requested individual one-on-one check-ins regarding your contributions. DM her.

### Project Updates
- JavaScript validator is a little borked.

### Upcoming Checkpoints
#### CI/CD
- What teams plan to implement testing?
  - Input validation?
  - JSDocs (IndexedDB team)

#### ADRs
- So far we have:
  - Updated ADR v1.1.1 -> v1.1.2 (Features)
  - Created:
    - v1.2.1 (Storage Method)
    - v1.3.1 (Stand-up frequency)

We should consider:
- v1.4.1: Team Style Guide
  - This is something that's going to be graded. As mentioned, this should help make our code look like it was written by one person.
- v1.5.1: Specify that we chose to not go with a proof-of-concept for Dexie and are building our own interface for this.
  - Pros: (1) We get to learn the "under the hood" parts of IndexedDB (a.k.a. work with the API directly) (2) We won't have a large payload on our website-- we only implement what we need. This is good to keep our website lightweight. Dexie probably has features that we wouldn't ever touch. (3) We don't have to set aside a team or person to work on a proof of concept.
  - Cons: (1) We have to be careful about our Class designs so that #1 the team can easily work with it and #2 easy to understand how it functions so switching to a more nuanced wrapper (e.g. Dexie) is a relatively smooth process. (2) It's not plug-and-play-- we'll have to create our IndexedDB Handler and make an interface for the database. 

## Action Items
### Team Wide Assignments
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | CI/CD Checkpoint #2 | Everyone | 5/25/2025 |
| NO | ADR Checkpoint #2 | Everyone | 5/25/2025 |

### Sprint Assignments
For your sprint team's specific tasks, see the GitHub Project board.

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
N/A

## Other Notes & Information
N/A
