# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 8, 2025 @ 6:20 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** 
  - Create 1 ADR for the ADR assignment due 5/11
  - Assign people to Sprint #1
  - Decide on Sprint Meeting times
- **Meeting Location:** Outside Galbraith Hall
- **Meeting Lead:** Ashley, Chanbin
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [ ] Minahil Yasar
- [X] Patrick Thant
- [ ] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [ADR 1: Features and Audience](#adr-1-features-and-audience) |
| [Sprint #1](#sprint-1) |
| [Sprint Meeting Times](#sprint-meeting-times) |

### ADR #1: Features and Audience
See [ADR 1](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group8/cse110-sp25-group8/blob/main/admin/adr/1.1.1_feature-and-audience.md). We discussed our finalized features, target audience, and prioritized our features into three tiers.
- Plan to make ADR about storage (e.g. IndexedDB vs localStorage).

### Sprint #1
Planned for 5/8 - 5/11. See [sprint plan notes](https://github.com/cse110-sp25-group8/cse110-sp25-group8/blob/main/admin/sprint_plans/sprint1_plan.md). Our check-in will be asychronous on 5/10 @ ~7:00pm.

### Sprint Meeting Times
- Planning (aka first sprint meeting) meeting on Monday @ 2-3pm in person. Locations suggested:
  - Sixth College RWAC Terrace
  - Sun God Lounge @ Price Center
- Our weekly Wednesday meetings will no longer be a regular thing-- we'll have them if we need them (i.e. case by case basis).
- Review meeting on Saturdays. This is online @ 11:00 am. 

## Action Items
### Sprint #1 Tasks
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | CI/CD | Samson, Ryan, Minahil, Ashley | 5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm |
| NO | Program Flow Diagram(s) | Arlene, Kiara | 5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm |
| NO | UI Development | Chanbin, Patrick, Dorje | 5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm |
| NO | GitHub Issues and Features | Kiet, Shash | 5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm |

### Teamwide Assignments
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| **NO** | **CI/CD Pipeline** | Everyone |  **5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm** |
| **NO** | **Documentation - Internal Documentation: ADR** | Everyone | **5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm** |
| **NO** | **Management - Group Contract** | Everyone | **5/11/2025 @ 11:59pm** |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
- N/A

## Other Notes & Information
- Ashley won't be available for the weekend 5/17 - 5/18 to do any work.
