# Stand Up
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 30, 2025 (Asynchronous)
- **Meeting Location:** Slack

## Attendance
- [ ] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [ ] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [ ] Kiet Dang
- [X] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Patrick Thant
- [ ] Ryan Awal
- [ ] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja

## Stand Up
| Member            | Progress | Blockers |
| ----              | ----     | ---- |
| Arlene Garcia     | | |
| Ashley Vo         | I worked with Kiet on making sure ingredients get sent properly to localStorage + IDB using our 3-input-field ingredient format. | |
| Chanbin Na        | I worked with Patrick and Arlene on making recipe cards and card buttons clickable, and making it direct to each details page with their own ID.| |
| Dorje Pradhan     | | |
| Kiara Singh       | My team worked on getting the filtering button to look more like the designs. We are gonna finish working on it today | |
| Kiet Dang         | | |
| Minahil Yasar     | Working with Kiara and Patrick to fix the filtering on the homepage. We will be finishing it today| |
| Patrick Thant     | | |
| Ryan Awal         | | |
| Samson Gebrekidan | | |
| Shashwat Dudeja   | | |