# Stand Up
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 28, 2025 (Asynchronous)
- **Meeting Location:** Slack

## Attendance
- [X] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [ ] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [ ] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Patrick Thant
- [ ] Ryan Awal
- [X] Samson Gebrekidan
- [ ] Shashwat Dudeja

## Stand Up
| Member            | Progress | Blockers |
| ----              | ----     | ---- |
| Arlene Garcia     | We just did edit/delete buttons and favorite buttons | |
| Ashley Vo         | In any case, on team 1's progress: I worked with Samson and Kiet on adding recipe to the database. We've made sure the correct data gets sent to the right storage (full recipe data -> IndexedDB and metadata -> localStorage), and we recently (aka today) changed our ingredient input to be three fields (see this message for more context), and we're looking to send properly formatted ingredient data to our storages | |
| Chanbin Na        | Arlene made whole favorite page | |
| Dorje Pradhan     | So far we (CSS team) have started planning out our individual  responsibilities. I haven’t done a lot yet, but I’m working on making the details page responsive. | |
| Kiara Singh       | | |
| Kiet Dang         | Worked on the validator. Team content was covered by Ashley. | |
| Minahil Yasar     | | |
| Patrick Thant     | | |
| Ryan Awal         | | |
| Samson Gebrekidan | I worked with Ashley and Kiet on adding recipe data to the database. I learned a lot from them, especially about how to send data to the right storage (IndexedDB and localStorage). It was a great experience and helped me understand the process better | |
| Shashwat Dudeja   | | |