# Meeting Minutes
## Meeting Information
- **Meeting Date/Time:** May 15, 2025 @ 6:20 PM
- **Meeting Purpose:** 
  - Talk about upcoming deadlines
  - Discuss TA feedback
  - Go over sprint progress and what to do next
- **Meeting Location:** Outside Galbraith Hall
- **Meeting Lead:** -
- **Note Taker:** Ashley

## Attendance
- [ ] Arlene Garcia
- [X] Ashley Vo
- [X] Chanbin Na
- [X] Dorje Pradhan
- [X] Kiara Singh
- [X] Kiet Dang
- [ ] Minahil Yasar
- [ ] Patrick Thant
- [X] Ryan Awal
- [ ] Samson Gebrekidan
- [X] Shashwat Dudeja

## Agenda
| Discussion Item |
| ---- |
| [What's Coming Up](#whats-coming-up) |
| [TA Feedback](#ta-feedback) |
| [Sprint Progress and Updates](#sprint-progress-and-updates) |

### What's Coming Up
| Item |
| ---- |
| [Sprint Review + Retro](#sprint-review--retro) |
| [Demo Video](#demo-video) |

#### Sprint Review + Retro
We'll meet **tomorrow (5/16) online via Zoom @ 5:00pm** to do this. Note our turn-ins are due 5/18

#### Demo Video
Rashi told us to expect to turn in a demo video of at least one functioning feature of our app on Tuesday (5/20). This is more so to get the class to gauge where their teams are in terms of progress and maybe act as motivation. Ideally, the demo should show one *nice* feature.

### TA Feedback
Today, Chanbin and Ashley met with Rashi for their weekly lead meeting. She gave us feedback on our assignments and project.

#### Old Assignments
- Our **team charter** is too vague. While we don't need to resubmit this assignment, we should look into redoing it so that it's more specific. She pointed out that our roles are too vague.
- Our current **CI/CD** looks pretty good- she liked that we have our validators working. **This week** she's expecting us to have some form of unit testing.
- For our **sprint plans**, we should move to using GitHub Projects/Kanban for planning as it's easier to track what's going on.

#### The Project
- We got the OK for **IndexedDB**, but *not* for Dexie. She couldn't see the need for our team to use it and said that it's doable for us without it as we can make our own interface for it (She gave the leads example code from a project she did).
- For our file structure:
  - The general file structure of our project is *ok*-- she does *not* recommend we have more than one HTML file and we should utilize JavaScript to update our pages (e.g. `index.html` should provide a shell for us to populate. It might start off with a header and a container body). She recommends we **refactor** our structure to accommodate this. In other words, our JavaScript dynamically changes the components of our site.
    - We have the OK to use **ES6 Router**: https://www.npmjs.com/package/es6-router
    - `js > adding > adding.js, details > details.js utils.js`

### Sprint Progress and Updates
#### Current Progress
Chanbin is leading the organization of any programming and app logistics/organization, so please contact him for any questions.
| Team | Who | Progress Notes |
| ---- |----- | ---- |
| Main Page | Samson, Dorje, Arlene | Done with HTML. Working on CSS. | 
| Add a Recipe | Shash, Patrick, Ryan | Hasn't started. | 
| Recipe Details | Mina, Kiet, Kiara | HTML is set up and done, but not the CSS. |
| ShadowDOM | Chanbin, Ashley | Done. Chanbin will lead refactorization. | 

#### Next Steps
**Finish your sprint task first before you tackle the below.**
| Team | Who | What |
| ---- | ---- | ----|
| Team Refactorization | Dorje, Chanbin, Kiara | Weekend team to get stuff ready for week 8. |
| Add a recipe + input validation (CI/CD?) | Kiet, Ryan, Shash, Mina | Get the recipe card to show but the database does not need to be functioning |

#### Stand-up 
Today's check-up for those who were in-person:
- Ryan: hasn't met with team yet
- Shash: hasn't met with team yet
- Kiet: CSS isn't working as ideally
- Kiara: CSS isn't working as ideally
- Dorje: HTML is done, CSS is mostly done (waiting on Arlene and Samson) 
- Chanbin & Ashley: looked into IndexedDB 


## Action Items
### Sprint Assignments
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| -  | Daily Stand-up (5/15) | **Everyone** | 5/16 (Morning) |
| NO | Main page development | Samson, Dorje, Arlene | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | "View recipe" page development | Mina, Kiet, Kiara | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | "Add a recipe" page development | Shash, Patrick, Ryan | 5/18/2025 |
| YES | Shadow DOM for cards | Ashley, Chanbin | 5/18/2025 |

### Sprint Follow-up Assignments
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ---- |
| NO | Refactorization of HTML files (convert this to JS to update our pages rather than relying on three HTML files) | Chanbin, Dorje, Kiara | 5/18 |
| NO | Add a recipe functionality | Kiet, Ryan, Shash, Mina | 5/18 |


### Teamwide Tasks
| Done? | Item | Responsible | Due Date |
| ----  | ---- | ----        | ----     |
| NO | Update and improve Team Charter to be more specific | Everyone | ASAP (to get it out of the way) |
| NO | Agile: Sprint Review Meetings | Everyone | 5/18/2025 |
| NO | Agile: Retrospective | Everyone | 5/18/2025 |

## Questions, Concerns, Comments
N/A

## Other Notes & Information
N/A